Docs/medium guides (#206)
fetchai/fetchd: docs/docs/how-to-stake-with-browser.md

It is now possible for the Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet to be used for staking.

**Disclaimer - please note the following:**

**1. As we have been campaigning for decentralization of the network over the past few months and made a lot of progress, we would appreciate it if you could consider staking outside of the top 10 validators and spreading your stake across multiple validators to support making the network as secure as possible for everyone.**

**2. For viewing more information about validators such as their voting power, self bonded rate, uptime, active/inactive validators at any given moments time on the network, descriptions about them (such as their website), and contact information, head over to [this web page](https://bit.ly/32fv1d9) and click on the validator profiles, for a visualization of the validators voting power (more is NOT better) check out [this page](https://bit.ly/3CGe889).**

**3. Don't forget to leave at least 1 $FET undelegated, as some amount of FET is necessary to pay for gas fees when completing any transactions on Mainnet. The fee is extremely minimal, but it is still important to make sure you retain a few FET to pay for any gas fees.**

> ## Steps for staking with the Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To stake FET using the Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet:
```

<img src="../images/staking_browser_extension_wallet.png" alt="How to stake with the browser extension wallet" class="center" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;width:800px;">

1. Ensure you've installed the [Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet](https://bit.ly/3CuiHSO) on your browser and that you're already logged into it.

> 2. Next, head over to the [Fetch.ai Validator Explorer](https://bit.ly/3CuYXP1) page and click the **Connect **button in the top right of the web page.

Reviewer: @ejfitzgerald There is no connect button.

> 2. Next, head over to the [Fetch.ai Validator Explorer](https://bit.ly/3CuYXP1) page and click the **Connect **button in the top right of the web page.

Reviewer: Double check this works.

> 3. Now, choose a validator outside of the top 10 that you wish to delegate to and click **+Stake**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Now, choose a validator (ideally outside of the top 10) that you wish to delegate to and click **+Stake**.
```

> 4. In the pop-up that appears, enter the amount of $FET you want to delegate and click **Stake**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the pop-up that appears, enter the amount of FET you want to delegate and click **Stake**.
```

5. You should now be prompted to pay the gas fee for the transaction and you can do so by selecting **Approve** and then you're done.

> ## Steps for unstaking/removing stake with the Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## To remove your stake using the Fetch.ai Browser Extension Wallet:
```

<img src="../images/unstake_browser_extension_wallet.png" alt="How to unstake/remove stake with the browser extension wallet" class="center" style="display: block; margin-left: auto; margin-right: auto;width:800px;">

1. Click on your wallet address on the top right of the web page and you'll be taken to your **staking** dashboard.
2. Scroll down to **Delegations.**
  Click **Remove Stake**.

> 3. In the pop-up, enter the amount of $FET you wish to unbond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the pop-up, enter the amount of FET you wish to unstake.
```

  Click **Remove Stake**.
4. You should now be prompted to pay the gas fee for the transaction and you can do so by selecting **Approve** and then you're done.

> On the staking dashboard you can also claim your staking rewards, redelegate your stake with the how to redelegate guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the staking dashboard you can also claim your staking rewards, redelegate your stake with the [how to redelegate guide](./redelegate-for-decentralization.md).
```
